# 

- create spatial account 

co-located

remote

sync

async





- doing
  - Task space? -> virtual/real
  - Unified Space? -> collocated/remote





1. What are the advantages of virtual-world events over their real-world counterparts? (ALL TEAMS)
   1. remote!
   2. ignore time space problem
   3. *persistence*,always on
   4. tailor environment for different working styles
   5. provides a potentially infinite number of configurations and customizations
2. What does spatial.io offer as a collaborative environment compare to possible collaboration activities in an idealized virtual world mentioned in the [Deloitte article](https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/insights/topics/emerging-technologies/virtual-world-for-business.html)? What is not available or possible yet? (TEAM A)
   1. total people in same place is limited.
   2. 
3. Among the privacy and security concerns mentioned in the article, which one you feel is the most important and why? (TEAM B)
   1. The encryption part worries me the most, for talking in seemingly private place in vr doesn't means you are really private.
4. What is the most approachable way to participate in virtual events? Through a 2D display, mobile AR, or a VR? (TEAM C)
   Which is more plausible in a real working environment?
   1. VR might be more fit for virtual events, it provides immerse reality even you are accessing the conference remotely
   2. AR should be more fit for real working environment, for most works are still being done in real world 